Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
December 1999
What?!
It's better this way!
You like bad endings way too much!
This isn't a bad ending.
According to Konoha, it's
called a "merry bad ending".
It's a little bit different from the games
popular now that love to kill the player.
Guess you're a bit too young to get it.
Kyonshi!
You sound like an old fart!
I'm just fine with that!
Scenario text size: 2,186 KB
Endings: 16
Meiko-san's fan is here again!
To think that we live in an era where there
are obsessives for bishojo game artists.
No one calls them "obsessives" these days.
A stalker!
Hey, Kono-chan.
What is it, Meiko-san?
* Konoha's desk was too cluttered, so she had another one set up next to Meiko
Are we going to be adjusting
each other's line art or...
Feel free to draw the way that you want!
We just need to match the colors that we use.
But your art style is
so different from mine.
As long as the story is interesting,
the different art styles
will just make it more moe!
It's totally normal in gacha games!
Gacha games?
Total CGs: 552
Ratio of HCGs: 35%
Total BGM tracks:36
This game is even more amazing than
our previous title, Horoscope!
First, the sheer amount of story...
Exclusive bonuses: 15 stores
(Alc.) Alcohol Soft, 12th Shot
1. Heavy Drinker
* Previous thread (Alc.) Alcohol Soft, 11th Shot
* Please behave yourselves
2. Anonymous
Anyone reading this?
43. Anonymous
Hey, the new Alcohol
game kinda looks
mad dope?
44. Y
Saw M-ko-san buying
a book. So cute
44. Y
Saw M-ko-san buying
a book. So cute
45. Anonymous
When are they gonna announce
that it's gone gold?
46. Y
Saw M-ko-san. She was eating
at Jangara Ramen. So cute
47. Anonymous
Getting hyped up!
46. Y
Saw M-ko-san. She was eating
at Jangara Ramen. So cute
47. Anonymous
Getting hyped up!
48: Dragon Caravan '99
Hey, did you check out this month's PasoPara and PC Angel?!
They show off The Last Waltz
It's seriously sick so everyone
take a look!!!!
49: Anonymous
Seriously? Need to
stop by a book store!
50: Anonymous
I saw it
Is that thing really going to run?
If so, I'll buy three copies
50: Anonymous
I saw it
Is that thing really going to run?
If so, I'll buy three copies
51: Anonymous
So excited
We did it!
Plates of curry eaten: 1,500
Utopia
Public bath tickets used: 99
Bottles of fruit milk drunk: 792
Total development time
Unmeasurable
December 22, 1999 (Wednesday)
Alcohol Soft's latest title
The Last Waltz
Hits gold master
16bit Sensation:
Another Layer
I was hoping that I wouldn't have to fight you...
but it seems that we must settle this here.
I was hoping that I wouldn't
have to fight you...
but it seems that we must settle this here.
"See You Later!"
H-Hey...
This looks like a really fun game!
We've been working hard to make it fun!
Did we really make all of this?
That's right!
And in only five months' time!
It's a miracle!
The master copy, a backup copy,
and a spare copy on top of that.
We've finished burning them all.
Which means...
We're done, everyone!
Hooray!
Hooray! Hooray!
And so, the new title that would
determine Alcohol Soft's fate,
The Last Waltz, was finally complete!
Cheers!
Time to drink and eat our fill!
I couldn't care less about
that one billion yen now!
You couldn't?!
Making a game like this is more than enough!
N-No, it isn't.
No, it isn't!
Hey!
I really think this game
will be a hit, though!
Yeah, everyone's reactions
seem really positive!
I think we might be onto something here!
Yeah!
Kyonshi kept saying that
we'd never pull it off!
I mean, who wouldn't
after that insane proposal?
Sounds like you need...
a little punishment!
Not the arms! Not the arms!
It's fine!
We'll have Mamo-chan whip up
a speech recognition program!
Problem solved!
Hell no!
This is hell on earth!
I-I'm scared...
Wait, where is Mamoru, anyway?
Mamoru-kun should still
be back at the office.
I swear!
He's as cold as ever!
I just remembered.
Sofmap already put up their
poster for The Last Waltz.
I-I want to see it!
Let's go! Let's go!
I'm so excited.
It's so cold out!
Ah! There it is!
Wow, that's great!
Seeing it here makes it feel so real!
Yeah.
Hey, let's all take a photo together!
Did anyone bring a camera?
I have one.
Let's take it over there!
Kono-chan.
You know.
I used to be a bit ashamed
about making bishojo games.
What?!
I mean, a woman drawing cute
girls... and hentai at that.
Isn't that a little weird?
That's not true!
But now I realize that none of
that matters at all.
After all...
Right now, I just want
everyone to play our game!
I know for sure that this game is fun!
We all drew art for it,
painted it together,
and contributed to the story,
the voices, and the audio.
We brought it all together.
All of you took away a little piece
of the shame that I was feeling.
Which is why...
Now, I want everyone to see!
I want people all over the
world to play our game!
Th-The world?!
M-Maybe that's a little much to ask for...
No!
That's not true!
I like it! The world!
We can beat 'em to the punch!
Yep!
Let's have people around the world play it!
We can be the next Nekopara!
Nyagan!
Ny-Nyaga...
Hey, get over here!
We're about to take a picture!
'Kay!
Meiko-san, let's hurry up!
Hey, Manager.
Once we take the photo,
let's go to that place!
That place!
What place are you talking about?
We're talking about...
The Dejiko building!
So this is the Dejiko building!
It's my first time seeing it!
It really is amazing though, isn't it?
I can't believe they let
that fly here in Akiba.
Bishojo have finally made it
to the top of these buildings!
Who knows, maybe we'll be able to
put up a huge billboard like this!
The Dejiko building!
Just after it was built!
Huh?
Okay!
Off to the next location! Let's go!
Yeah!
Oh, it's snowing!
No wonder it's so cold.
Yay! Snow! Snow!
Onee-sama!
Toya-chan!
What are you doing out here so late?
Oh, the Dejiko building!
It really is incredible!
Yeah, it is!
Onee-sama, we're about to
enter the age of bishojo.
Just like you said.
Yeah! It'll happen for sure!
By the way, Onee-sama.
I see that you were making
a bishojo game, too.
With the people over there.
Those are the Alcohol
Soft folks, aren't they?
Th-That's right.
Until now, I was just doing
part-time work for them.
Onee-sama, I'm going to
start up a new company!
What?!
A company to develop games worthy
of the era that is coming.
I wanted to be the one to
start it from scratch.
Really?!
That's amazing!
Yes...
And, well...
Onee-sama, won't you join me...
Won't you join me and make games together?!
What?!
Ever since the day we met in Akiba,
I've been following in your
footsteps the whole time!
If I could make games with you by my side...
That would make me so happy!
What?
D-Don't look at me like that...
I-I don't deserve such praise!
Onee-sama!
I'm begging you!
Yeah, sure!
But now's probably not the time.
What?
I'm not sure how long I can stay here.
Do you mean you're going on
a trip, or moving somewhere?
Hmm, I'm not sure how to explain it.
But, that being said,
the next time we meet,
let's talk about games!
We can make games together,
or I'm fine with just
eating at Jangara Ramen!
The two of us share a bond
through bishojo games!
Yes, Onee-sama!
Kono-chan!
We're about to go for some more drinks!
Wanna join us?!
I'm going to go back to the office!
Okay, Toya-chan.
See you later!
Yes, Onee-sama!
Found it.
Welcome to
the Game House!
Echosoft
Echosoft...
A discerning eye, I see.
Isn't it amazing?
A truly cult video game:
Echosoft's Welcome to the Game House!
A mysterious company that
disappeared after that one title.
The game itself is utterly incoherent,
but it's one of a kind!
Surely you've heard the name, at least.
I hear they were up to some real shady
business and caught the eye of the police!
Hm? The police?
You don't know?
I heard it on the grapevine.
You could say it's a bit
like the Saori incident.
Or they say the parent company
was, well, you know...
You could say that about the
people in question, I suppose.
Huh?
No, it's nothing.
Welcome to
the Game House!
Echosoft
Echosoft...
I really did travel back in time.
It wasn't a dream or a hallucination.
The games that Konoha got from
that used video game store...
Using those, Konoha, as well as
I, were sent back in time.
Could it be that those games were
altered by Echo in some way?
The games went up in flames?
But why?
I don't know.
This was the only one left.
Comic Party
All the games that Konoha had burned away.
Since I opened up Gogo no Tenshi-tachi,
the only one left now is Comic Party.
I don't remember the titles too well,
but all of the games that disappeared are
the ones that had yet to be released.
Was it really okay that I was
the one who went back in time?
Was that game actually
meant for Konoha to open?
Also, meeting them...
Mamoru-kun!
I-I thought you were at the office!
What's wrong?
Here you go!
The food from the drinking party!
I had them pack it up!
This is your share!
I'm not hungry.
What?!
In the end, you didn't disappear on us.
Of course not!
I can't just vanish in the
middle of making our game!
Man, I sure am glad I didn't get sent back!
It might be that your desire to make the
game is what let you stay here in this era.
How exactly would that work?
I don't know about the
mechanics or anything.
I just thought that's how it might work.
Does that mean I might vanish at any time?
Maybe so.
Or maybe you'll still be here next year.
Well, since I don't know when I'll
vanish, I'll just tell you now!
Mamoru-kun!
What is it?
It was awesome getting to
make a game with everyone!
Really, really, really awesome!
I love everyone at Alcohol Soft!
This is exactly what I was
hoping to get a taste of!
And if you weren't here, I wouldn't have
been able to make such an amazing game.
Thank you so—
Ah, you can spare me all of that.
You're kind of grossing me out.
G-Grossing you out?!
Hey!
I'm trying to thank you honestly here!
I didn't do any of this for you.
It just happened to benefit both of us.
Sheesh, I really wish you'd drop the
emotionless act at times like this.
Well, we still don't know for sure.
I may be satisfied, but it still
needs to make one billion yen.
Don't you worry.
That game will sell.
Huh?
It'll be a hit for sure.
That game has enough energy
to accomplish that much.
Eroge still holds so much possibility.
It's a barren world out there.
And now a game with this
much passion shows up.
There's no way it wouldn't sell.
It's exactly what everyone
has been waiting for.
You think?!
Forget paying back one billion yen.
I'm more worried that the money will
end up driving Dad crazy again.
You sure do have energy to spare.
Huh?
It's people like you who make
their own dreams come true.
I don't have the power that you do.
That's not true at all!
This game, as well as all the previous
ones, got made because of you!
I know that you can accomplish
way bigger things than I can!
I'm not so sure.
Don't you have any dreams?
Not really.
As long as the PC-98 conquers the
world, I don't need anything else.
I-I'd say that's a pretty
big dream already...
I just don't want anything to change.
This town, the PC-98...
I want them all to stay the same.
But people and places change
at a terrifying rate.
And no one can stop it.
But this time around, Alcohol
Soft will probably survive.
Thanks to you, that is.
Mamoru-kun!
Look, it's snowing!
It sure is.
Let's hurry on back before you catch a cold.
Mamoru-kun, look!
There, up in the sky!
Huh?
I'm back here...
The food...
I didn't get a chance to give it to him.
Well, nothing I can do about that...
Yeah!
I'm done time traveling!
Now I'll do my best here in this world!
Back to being an employee at Blue Bell, huh?
But I've grown during my adventures,
and I'm a whole new person!
Huh?
What?
What?!
I'm in Akiba, aren't I?
Where's Animate?
Where's Donki?!
What?
I-I-I-Is this the Skytree?!
No, something's off!
Th-The layout is just like Akiba...
But still!
Where am I?
Akihabara...
Is this really Akiba?
What's going on?!
Wh-What was that?!
This building...
Radio Kaikan!
Hey!
You there, missy!
It's dangerous!
Please don't get any closer!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
B-But...
This is the only place left
of the Akiba I remember...
My dear Akiba!
I'll call the cops on you!
What is it?
Ah!
It seems that she wandered in here...
Leave her to me.
If you could return to your work.
R-Right...
It's been a while.
A while?
What?!
C-C-C-Could it be...
Could it be that you're Mamoru-kun?!
Mamoru-kun...
Mamoru-kun's...
Mamoru-kun's an old man!
"I'll Give It All I've Got!"↵
HELP for help
MENU1      MENU2     MENU3      SPLIT         FIND           REPLACE      CUT         COPY       PASTE     TAG:JP
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk